hey guys this is heather from
healthyeatingstartshere.com
okay someone asked me recently to show
more ideas for simple quick healthy
meals so what I'm gonna show you is what
I'm making for lunch today and it just
happens to be what I eat for dinner last
night but I thought it was so simple and
fresh and yummy that I was share with
you guys so where I started was some
fresh alfalfa sprouts they make a great
base for a salad if you don't have fresh
greens and they are super super
nutritious I have a video about how to
grow your own alcohol for sprouts so
these I bought but then I also have my
sprouting jar going with some sprouts
that are not quite sprouted yet so until
they get going I'm gonna use these ones
so I'm going to spread out the sprouts
on my plate and then to that I'm gonna
add some vegetables so I've got some
green onions some broccoli some cucumber
and red pepper then I'm gonna chop up
and then to make those more filling I'm
gonna add some sunflower seeds you can
also do some canned beans or some
edamame beans or a cooked grain I love
to put quinoa on salads today I'm just
gonna see amazing I like a little bit of
sweetness my salads sometimes I do apple
chopped up or pear or some other kind of
fruit base it's real nice too and then
I'm gonna top it off with a tahini
dressing that I made yesterday and I
made enough that I can keep leftovers
and this is really really simple
I just took equal parts tahini and
balsamic vinegar added a clove of garlic
and some basil and then just whisk it
together add a little bit of water if
you need to to thin it out and then
drizzle it
your salad YUM and what I forgot to do
last night that I'm gonna do today is
take a sheet of nori fold it up and just
cut thin little strips on top sea
vegetables are awesome for minerals and
I keep trying to remember to get more of
them into my food so it's always good
when I can remember to do this so this
isn't a huge meal but there are tons of
nutrients in here so it'll give you some
energy give you some nourishment I felt
like something late today so this was
perfect if you need something more
filling or more calorie dense you could
just throw this into a wrap wrap it up
or pita or have some toast or rice cake
with some peanut butter almond butter on
the side anyway what I hope is that this
shows you how easy it is to make a
simple meal for yourself so all you need
to do is put some veggies together add
something that'll make it a little more
filling like some seeds or some nuts or
some beans or grains and make it
flavorful with a really nice dressing so
I hope you enjoy this and find a way to
make something really good for yourself
today and I will see you again very soon